what is up guys ashes then here today
I'm gonna tell you guys how to hotswap
your xbox 360 um as you can see I have
mine opened for this tour you're gonna
actually have to add do that so we'll
make sure you have that done once you
have that done make sure you have a USB
stick that is more than one gigabyte um
so yeah now you're at your xbox
dashboard you're going to want to go to
settings go to system then go to storage
now you're going to have your hard drive
and memory unit go to the hard drive
impress device options you're going to
go to clear your system kaja they're
going to press yes so this is going to
delete all the updates for the game and
stuff like that if you have a game saved
on your memory unit go ahead and do it
for that too but I don't have anything
on there so yeah once you're done with
that we can go to our home we can open
our tray open tray there we go then we
can take this out and we can put in our
grand theft auto IV disc put that on top
and push it in so yeah it's in I'll wait
for it to load hold on a minute so once
that's done you can go to game details
now you can see play now raid pin in
home pin to home and install go to
install this is where you going to need
your flash drive it's going to pull up
this so now this is where it gets tricky
you're going to want to press a and then
switch this up with your iso disc so i'm
going to do that real quick
alright so I hot-swap so i took this
disc out really quickly just moved it
over um now you can see it's spinning
fast and it's gonna go start installing
so yeah that's really it guys um if you
enjoyed please subscribe otherwise I
will see you guys next time bye